#summary Wiki How to Use the Plugin
#labels Featured,en-us

== Introduction ==
Welcome to the How To Use of the jquery-preloader plugin. Using the plugin is pretty easy (and hopefully this page will be very short).

== Requirements ==
The plugin requires only one thing: latest jQuery, that is it. Pretty easy :)

== Usage ==
The script should be loaded after the latest jQuery is loaded, like:
{{{
<script type="text/javascript" src="./jquery.loader.js"></script>
}}}

All function will run after the page is completely loaded! And now you are asking me: so what is the preload about?! The preload actually load the content. If you check [http://www.guilhermemori.com.br my portfolio] you will note that all the content is loaded using the preloader here presented.

So, as you can see below, you just have to call the function as stated.

{{{
<script type="text/javascript">
$(function (){
    $.preLoadGUI();
});	
</script>
}}}

You will have to pass an Object with minimum content the load with an Array of elements to the function to load, here is how is an exemple:

{{{
<script type="text/javascript">
$(function (){
    $.preLoadGUI({load: [
        ['bg.png', true],
        ['jquery.progressbar.js'],
        ['port.css'],
        ['content.html', 'body']
    ]});
});	
</script>
}}}

You will pass an object composed of other arrays/values. Bellow there is all elements that can be passed to the configuration:

 * *load*: is an array containing all files to be loaded using the following format:
   * *address_to_load.ext*: just put the address to load (can be an url etc);
   * *dom_element*: is the refence (just required when loading _html_) to where you want the html to be loaded. For example: '#el-id', '.el-class', 'el';
   * *cache*: optional element, if set to true the content will be cached (in case of _html_ file, this will be the third argument, else, it will be the second);
 * *bgColor*: the background color of the overlay (*Default:* #000000);
 * *bgOpacity*: the opacity of the overlay (*Default:* 0.85);
 * *message*: the message shown when loading. Has the following arguments: %f = the file being loaded, %p = percentage loaded, %c = files loaded, %t = total files (*Default:* (Portuguese) Aguarde! Carregando o site: %f (%p% | %c de %t));
 * *ending_message*: the message shown when loading is complete (*Default:* (Portuguese) Uma vez carregado o site não irá mais ser carregado.);
 * *fadeOutSpeed*: the speed the overlay will fade out once it finishes loading (*Default:* fast);
 * *imageExt*: default extensions used as image are png, jpg, jpeg, bmp & gif. Passing this option more extensions will be added;
 * *cssExt*: default extension used as css is css. Passing this option more extensions will be added;
 * *jsExt*: default extension used as JavaScript is js. Passing this option more extensions will be added;
 * *htmlExt*: default extensions used as HTML (appended to other elements) is html, htm, php, asp & apsx. Passing this option more extensions will be added;
 * *otherExt*: you can add other extensions to try to preload as an Ajax (will not be parsed or added);
 * *callbackEach*: a callback that will be called each time a file is loaded. The argument passed is the array used to load the file;
 * *callbackEnd*: a callback to be called after loading all files.

Please help testing this plugin so I can improve it!
Collaborator will have their names cited on the project :)
If you want, contact me by email!

Thank You, Guilherme Mori {guilherme.danna.mori}@gmail.com